Deliverable 1: What is C2? What is an Agent? What is Server/Client Infrastructure? Features you want? What do you want to learn?

C2: Stands for Command and Control Infrastructure...why?

It is a set of tools attackers use to maintain communication and 
exploit compromised devices. The MITRE attack framework actually
lists 16 different command and control techniques. The idea is that
you don't want the host system to know or detect C2 functionalities.

Agent:
Agents are the malicious processes which run on compromised hosts 
and perform actions on those hosts and the network. 

Server/Client Infrastructure:

Client-server architecture of a computer network models several clients
connecting and communicating with a centralized server. Client computers 
provide an interface to allow a computer user to request services of the server 
and to display the results the server returns. Servers wait for requests 
to arrive from clients and then respond to them. At its most basic level,
when we make a C2 server, the idea is for clients, or zombies, being able 
to send data gathered from the agents to a main C2 server.

Some other useful vocabulary:
ZOMBIE: a computer or other type of connected device that’s been 
infected with some form of malware and can be remotely controlled by a malicious 
party without the real owner’s knowledge or consent. 
BOTNET: a collection of zombie machines that are enlisted 
for a common illicit purpose. We see a lot of this with cryptocurrency.
BEACONING: refers to the process of an infected device phoning home to an attacker’s 
C2 infrastructure to check for instructions or additional payloads.

Some features:
-A keylogger of some sorts (possibly get passwords/financial info)
-Be able to gather network traffic (possibly create a DDoS attack, a very popular
attack using a C2 server)
-Cryptomine :)
-Being able to reboot or shutdown a system altogether

I think the most valuable lesson from creating a C2 server is understanding its
malicious nature and in the future learn how to detect and eradicate a C2 connection
on a computer. The reality is that while you can hide your tracks, you can't hide
them all. To the average user wouldn't be able to detect them. DDoS attacks
also seem fun :)
